<p> After reading this article based on this interview, I was intrigued on a few topics such as digital labor and software extensions. As people work for companies like google, they often would use some sort of software to generate their google maps or affiliated applications. Because machines are described as a type of software is inorganic, I find it hard to accept the notion that humans were characterized as extensions of software in this reading, yet I understand the explanation of it. As an artist, I think of software such as Photoshop, Maya, or even Sculptris more as powerful tools that are tools that I use to make art rather then me being an extension of software. However, the way a human extends the software is like saying a software is alive and is cognitively thinking for itself. Though this would be true if a we think of software as an AI like Siri. 
</p>

<p>
One another note, I suppose humans can be extension of software like the uber app. Because people seek the app to make extra money, they are serving the higher employer Uber in a sense. Thus this would make anyone who drives an extension of the app. This idea means that the people whom choose to drive for Uber are extensions of the app and are advertising it. 
</p>

<p>
Another thing that caught my attention was the article got to the debatable idea of whether or not companies should pay us for the labor of generating data. As this was controversial in the article, I feel like this idea is messy because in some cases we do get compensated for inputting some form of data for companies such as amazon. For example,  I once got offered to take a survey by amazon in which I could win a prize by doing so. Most of those surveys tend to be baiting one into giving their information away for telemarketers, but I in some case they do offer a free prize. When they do offer free prizes for giving feedback via surveys, its like their way of paying us for giving them data. So in some case companies already offer to compensate us for data information. On the other hand, generating data can also be distinguished as not being labor was well. For instance, updating my Facebook profile is something I wouldn’t consider as labor. The reason is because being on a social network is more like a leisure activity of one’s own choosing. 
</p>
