First off trumps need to outsource a presentation is hilarious, isn’t the guy rich?  It comes to show the bureaucracy I have always been opposed to as a young person with already many disadvantages.    

Anyway, being that I have been working a variety of jobs through the years makes this interview interesting in the sense that I could indeed view myself as an extension of other peoples wants and as a media artist living in a time where software just hasn’t reached an intelligent enough point, the jobs I have done are in fact an extension of systems that employers need other minds to expand on.  Software and people, I believe within a few decades won’t need much of a distinction as Sebastian is acknowledging.  As people like us keep building, there won’t be much of a need for us, so how do we adapt is the question?    I myself have been building software and web applications for a certain employer which has always begged the question of what would come next after the system is perfected, besides creating the magazine that we have been distributing.  The truth is that employers don’t want to pay for more than they need, especially if they are small.

In a more positive light, perhaps artificial intelligence can reach a point where its cognition is more than in line with humanity, but can we emulate creativity?  Will we ever need to rely on machines to create art just as we did in the industrial revolution with other professions.  I believe art relies on the senses and until we can create ample enough awareness in an AI to see and feel as we do, I do not believe art will be outsourced to machines.  Intelligence and creativity are completely different in my experience.  A lot of people in the engineering and science departments lack any creativity despite being so attuned to their minds.

What I took away from this article is the ethical implications of outsourcing of labor.  But is giving a job to a machine also considered outsourcing?