Firstly, what I found pretty interesting about the article is how clever certain companies have gotten about getting data for their seemingly smart platforms like “reCaptcha” which has always annoyed me in how unavoidable its process is.  They are basically using us as free labor to gather information in favor of hiring people who desperately want to get their foot in the door.  At the same time however to play devil’s advocate, what would AI be without sampling peoples information?  Do we need AI?  These are all good questions to be asking ourselves and there is no right answer.

Another thing that also caught my attention was the idea of bringing back dead people.  Sure, we have revived lost artists through holograms like tupac and Michael Jackson, but these are just ghosts, they have no real consciousness and just echo the past.  What if we did the same thing but with the lost consciousness of individuals embedded into an AI with some high tier machine learning that could emulate their thought process closely?  It might be creepy but I did find this concept much more interesting than creating a consciousness that is simply more intelligent than us.  It has all been said and done in movies and popular culture.  But talking to someone after death is both comforting and chilling which fascinates me because of the social implications.

Another good point brought up is that there are things artists can contribute to artificial intelligence in a space like this where it is only thought that science and engineering can have an influence.  As I have learned being in the DMA program, there is a lot of weird and unconventional ideas that can be used to create art.  If these artificial intelligence engines are not as black boxed, maybe we can mess with it and shape it into something which more obviously conveys the cultural implications or present it in a way in which artificial intelligence is the medium.
