<i>Pretending to be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web</i> is a fun read that expressed the connection between AI and human, and how because of technology being so advance, humans are doing jobs that are for AI, and are teaching AI how to act. It was ironic since humans always complain that AI are taking over jobs, but they don’t realize the fact that humans are also doing the same to artificial intelligence. The read was interesting in the fact that they expanded on the idea of digital labor and how people are like software extension, there to help or create content for others and AI, and then doesn’t get recognition.<br>

On the example of Uber, I could see clearly what the author was talking about. It was a company organization that lets the employees do their job separately, and leave most of the responsibility onto those employees. Currently being an illustrator online, I felt that I am doing the same as well. I get commission request from people, and I get on to do the job, then I sell it to the people that request my art. All responsibility is on me, as well as the trust of my clients. In art selling sites, the AI recognize what the audience wants, and distribute the content depends on the data they gather from both the artist and the audience. From artist, they gather the tags and important information that the artist seems to have, and then save it into the database for the audience to see later. We do all these work for the AI to have a better understanding of how us human thinks. 
<br>
Even as Ai take so much after humans, they cannot be artists. The author expresses in his speech that while machine and bots cannot be artists, they can produce art. They just follow rules, so they have no real authorship with their work. This is an example of the second reading that we did, where it was expressing that machinery will only follow the human example for a better and faster algorithm to produce the artwork, it would not understand the full meaning of the art piece to make a connection to it. Machinery doesn’t have experiences, emotions, thoughts the same way that a human have, so to give a humane statement about its own artwork is not possible in our current generation. Maybe later we would react to machinery as its own self, and maybe then we could find out their behaviors and emotions, but for now, humans will be continuing inserting themselves into the machinery for it to learn to be more humane, or just make the programs more humane. Easter eggs and inside jokes, these are the way that humans make programs more humane and free; write the lines of important, but also add the ones that isn’t useful just for emotional impact, isn’t that such a human attribute?
<br>
This whole read was a huge reference to different aspect of technological advancement that humanity is having, and how it was ironic for humans to ignore the full fact of itself being the only problem to slow down advancement, but hey maybe I’m just reading too over the lines into sarcasm. 
