The idea of digital labor is extremely intriguing and something I haven’t really given much thought to. While reading the article and their example of updating your social media as a form of digital labor got me thinking. There are many forms of digital labor and ways individuals have monetized their digital labor. For example in China there are work camps that have prisoners mining in World of Warcraft for virtual gold and jewels to be then sold online for real money, or when people sell their leveled up avatar or legendary equipment, real money for virtual stuff. The article seems to be more focused on the entrepreneur side of digital labor rather the necessity and trappings of it. Uber and Fiverr are mentioned by name in the article as companies that provide a framework but not an actual career. There is no health benefits, sick days, company car or anything resembling anything like co-workers. Uber for example, there are thousands of Uber drives and the likeliness of having the same driver pick you up and take you to work is tiny. Why is that important its not in the grand scheme of things you get to work some days you’ll have a good ride and maybe one day you’ll have a strange ride. My point is Uber is a service but whoever picked you up on Monday is not likely to know the person that picked you up on Wednesday, they are not co-workers they are competition. Every ride that you get from person A is potential money lost by person B. The internet has eliminated jobs, reshaped industries and create new jobs, but it’s still the  wild west Uber has cut into the taxi industry where countries have to make legislation to keep them out or regulate them. San Francisco you can sign up and be driving your first costumer that same day, but in New York you have to go through the NYC Taxi licensing. Digital labor is something new and evolving. It would be impossible to make blanket regulations for everything, but I think it is up to up and coming companies to set the example and not just taking advantage young and eager individuals.
