Reading 3

In this article, I feel like Schmieg and Herrmann touched and a few topics that have really interested me and on some points, I agree and others I don’t. I think the online labor force is an interesting place and I also found it interesting that Schmieg called it the extension of the software.  He also compared it to AI, due to them being small simple tasks. And I must agree with him on that point. Because without the software itself, the digital laborer wouldn’t be there.  But then I ask myself, would people find a way to do digital labor and make their own software of platform to do it anyways? It seems like digital labor was somewhat meant to be with the internet becoming so broad and people willing to waste money on tasks that they really don’t want to do. And for the people that do these tasks, more power to them. I’ve considered Fivver and Amazon Turk to see if it’d be a good way to make some side cash, and the idea of trying to market yourself for a couple bucks or doing a dozen small tasks to make a few dollars does not sound appealing to me. After looking at what Amazon Turk is also I can agree that the digital laborers that do them are like bots or AI. The tasks that Amazon Turkers do is so small, but they build up to something bigger. Honestly, they’re probably cheaper than the electricity to run a bot doing those tasks. 

	Then in the discussion Schmieg and Herrmann discussed whether AI could have ownership over the art that it creates. And I’d also have to agree with Schmieg on this topic. That AI can’t really have ownership over the art, that it was the person who created the AI. Because without the person that coded it and thought of the algorithm to create the work, the work would not exist.  I liked the idea that we can collaborate with AI to create art that you wouldn’t be able to create on your own. It becomes almost like a software extension of yourself. Just like how digital laborers are to the platforms that they use. You can use AI to explore creative processes that would have been impossible on your own. 
  
  
	Overall, I found this article interesting and hit on topics that I’ve thought about on my own before. 	And sometimes I go back and forth on AI being an artist or not. Because I’ve seen some AI done art and the AI turns the art into something completely different from the artists vision. But then again, I see that as the extension of the tool. When I do intaglio printing, the copper plates don’t turn out how I want them to be all the time due to the acid you dip it in seems to differ each day. But it’s still my own creative vision. 
