

From the reading, I believe that the author have implicitly suggested an indefinite question to bring about AI; and its connections on humans and machine interfaces that is mainly claiming on freelance businesses and marketplaces.  This article strongly represented on algorithmic concept of self-driving vehicles, which totally replaces physical action of driving into computer. This is basically AI substituting the labor for humans, this is why jobs in the marketplace are diminishing in the future as people are starving for jobs and they are unable to find them. Programmers now-days, are represented as workers for AI, they use all different types of programming languages such as JAVA, Python, C++, C#, and C to program Arduinos for mechatronics, for replacing human physical activities. In any circumstances, banking and money in business perspective takes a heavy account in this situation. Similarly to BitCoin, a virtual money that is controled by databases, which mainly controlled by AI systems. This allows the money freely tracking the oscillating economy and doing a digital bookeeping as well as digital currency trading. Digital laborers for BitCoins, are also known as programmers, they are the only people who is in charge of the digital compeition between countries, states, and local networks. From my point of view, Schmieg spoke quite accurate and made a strong connection on BitCoins when he claimed "competitions on big platforms". BitCoins are very competitive in a way, especially on big platforms with infinitely many people and massive dealing with networks. AI directs new dataset and bookeeping the latest databases for every hour. AI also replced physical humans for dialogues, for instance, Siri on smartphones can change entire environment then to some topics on human-interfaces with AI.
At some point of the reading, I have to disagree with the author that said "AI cannot be artists", because laborers like programmers, you can explicitly program algorithms that let bots and computers take over the artwork just like normal digital artists do. This is why 'computational creativity' exists, if there are no AIs, can 'computational creativity' really exists? AIs are based on computational creativity; and that creats bots like Twitter and Facebook. Bots can be artists, and everyone can do what like artists does as well. And, computational creativity thrives on laborers like programmers, and finally the AI can be able to perform freelance work without any human interaction.  If there are no interaction, the marketplace would not be able to survive in the competitive society. Overall, after my thoughts on the reading were machines can create a massive amount of AI, which is also known to be computational creativity; using the creativity, AIs can be able to freelance in the marketplace with computational machines and artistic skills creativity.
