     One of the questions raised was in regards to the website Fiverr and the strangeness of online freelance service marketplaces. After perusing on the Fiverr site to see what it’s all about, “I Will Say Whatever You Want In Front of a Pizza” is put into context where human beings sound like robots. There are countless people/companies/profiles offering the same service for the same price, with similar descriptions for each, including words “I will design ________ logo,” where you can insert any positive, descriptive, adjective such as “outstanding”, “awesome”, and “astonishing”. I understand the reasoning behind this, as stated by Sebastian Schmieg, where technology is being utilized as a tool for efficiency and optimization. However, a key concern is raised here, in that if we don’t recognize our digital behavior, could we be on the path to becoming robots digitally and in our physical environment? The Fiverr site is slightly alarming in the 24-hour-or-less turn around for many of the services provided. In a way, I do feel that these entrepreneurs are chained to their computers around the clock or have more of a digital presence than a physical one due to the fact that they can get business at any time of the day and must respond in an efficient and timely manner, all for $5. Maybe to some people depending on where they are located in the world, $5 has more value than $5 US dollars, but Schmieg made a point about how this type of platform like Fiverr only “produces a few winners and many losers, increasing anxieties and undercutting solidarity among people.” Is the payout, or the possibility of a payout, worth the price?      

     In another sense, I do believe we exhibit robotic behavior in our physical, immediate environment. Walking around on campus or in the city of San Francisco, you’ll notice that many people are glued to their phones. We’ve been programmed to rely heavily on our technology, so much, that sometimes we are not present in the world around us. I think that humanizing the web and AI, requiring artistic, creative, and innovative input from artists is essential; however, I think it’s more important to find better uses for augmented reality devices, other than games, that somehow integrate physical and digital spaces that foster interactivity and enhance relationships among people and people with their environment, versus the relationship between people and technology. 
