This reading talked about how the artificial intelligence affects us back. In my opinion, this influence is nothing different from a normal tool affects us back. After all, the artificial intelligence in the era so far hasn’t reached a real intelligence point. The influences are there, but it’s really limited and minimum. Just like when you are using a wrench, you have to get used to it--it designed as used by hand so you cannot use it by your teeth (Well if you really want to). So for most of people, when they are using the wrench, they are kind of like “being controlled” by the wrench that only allows them to use the wrench by hand, or they will need more might to work on their jobs. See? The influences are always there. And it doesn’t related to the artificial intelligence. Just because the tool, no matter it is artificial intelligence or just a wrench or whatever, the feedback is always there. Since it has become a part of our living/working circumstance, we have to get used to them, to our tools. It is how it is. It’s only about “the environment changes us as well as  we change the environments.”

Well, back to the topic, I will define what is “the artificial intelligence effects us in a real way instead of effecting us as a tool” in my opinion. I would say, maybe after they get more intelligent, intelligent enough to make a life loop themselves. For example, a certain AI can maintain itself automatically and it is “smart enough” to fix the bugs themselves(renew and evolve) and thus  we can define it has a real “intelligent”. Thus there will be more possibilities in this case. They might be defined as a new race, a new intelligent race. What will then? Like the Ai in the movie “I, Robot”, or “She”? I think it will be more than “influence” then, maybe I prefer the world “impact” to describe that? Well... this will be a more complex topic. 

In all, in my own view, I don’t really treat the artificial intelligence as a real intelligent so far. So I consider them as just a normal tool. And a tool’s influence is always there but, pretty limited and inevitable as “the tool changes us as well as we change the tools.”
