I found Jesse McLean’s video/film to be a mix of cute because of the dogs in combination with creepy because of the impression the aesthetics gave off.  As it turns out, there was a deeper meaning to be taken away as I watched further and read the interview between McLean and Arnaud Gerspacher.  Anyway the aesthetic with it’s grayness and ambience made me think this was going to be some sort of psychology film which I am interested in knowing if this was intentional or not.

There were two important elements which I believe my peers in the class all seemed to pick up on as well.  There was artificial intelligence in the mix for both animals and machines, and then there was vintage technology which was a little confusing but I believe this was done to make all these creepy concepts seem more friendly than we typically seem to think.

Another interesting thing that was subtly discussed is in contrast to technology surpassing us is how we as people already talk to each other.  It makes us wonder, if technology were to become aware of itself one day, would we talk to it in the same way?  I don’t necessarily mean speech either like we do with Siri or Google Assistant, but our facial expressions, body language, emotions, can we hard code all of this so we can be comfortable with machines being this smart?  It would be interesting and destructive if Artificial intelligence somehow developed a sixth sense like some people seem to rumor about facebook’s shutting down of AI’s.  

The last thing to take away from this is how McLean used chat bots to have us think about how far artificial intelligence has come.  They make the point that while yes artificial intelligence is capable of asking us questions and providing other constructive feedback, creepily enough based on our habits, it is not capable of going away from its programming and doing things in an at will way like humans do.  Basically we shouldn’t be so freaked out yet unless someone knee deep in the tech industry knows otherwise.

In the end, this was very interesting because it makes us pose more questions aside from the typical doomsday ones.  Are we going to treat machines like we do pets, or will we eventually treat them like people?
