The pace of upgrading in the internet technology and art/fashion sense moves so fast that many of the arts/technologies are just like a written in water, quickly fade away in the tide of history. I really like the website navigation, and those dull colors flashing backgrounds, also the big bulky text compositions. It reminds me about the Pop Art (especially of Andy Warhol’s). The indifference, void, isolation, representing the emotions of  fast commercial society. Though the trend is inevitable, I think it is necessary to build a certain museum to memorize those paces, to chase how we get this far.--This is what the website is doing. (I consider the museum website is also an art peace as well).

Refer to the art works in this website, I personally like the “Screenfull” blogger art named “stadium rock net.art” created by Abe Linkoln and Jimpunk. This work also shows the pop art spirit by composing short looping videos, animated GIFs, images, and audio clips, sampled and remixed from around the web in an ongoing multimedia conversation. In the video, when people rolling the page the imagines goes upward. With the digital music background it’s like a huge amount information pop out fulfilling your sight and ear. In this circumstance I kind of feel anxious and lost because the information are just too much. But this is how pop spirit are. In my opinion most of net arts are all based on pop art form. Soaking in this information ocean echoes the modern era our human beings live so far, we might feel lost or even anxious form the fear of being abandoned by the world. But I believe these unstable feeling are exact why we love the fast consuming arts.
