<p>It’s interesting to see how people had different views and response on whether the internet is democratic in post-internet art education. For example one person Flavia Pedrosa Vasconcelos claimed that he there is no democracy when it comes to post-internet art education. The reason was because there is some drawbacks that contradict the way the internet is democratic. As technology is constantly emerging, post internet art education might be hard to teach if technologies are constantly being updated and evolving. Despite that, there is some sort of democracy when it comes to post internet art education. For instance, the internet itself is a vast resource of knowledge. It is something that most individuals have access to and we are able to discover information and knowledge on just about anything. As individuals, people can look and teach themselves about anything on the internet without any real drawback. Because of that, individuals can, if they choose to, teach themselves how to make a portfolio website on their own time instead of taking an actual class to do so. What I mean by this, is that with the emerging technology, its more easy and accessible to the common individual and there is no real need for the that individual to seek a class to obtain little to no guidance. As the internet is a huge resource, it gives people the freedom to choose what information or knowledge they want to learn about. </p>
<p>On another note, I find it interest that one response actually believes that post-internet art education is causing a reconsideration on curriculum structure for teaching students post internet art. When one looks at the way the system teaches the students how to be a painter for example, the curriculum is the same and it does not change. However, that is not the case for the teachings of post internet art education. Because of the evolving technologies, the structure of how to teach such topics is constantly changing.  The basic foundations of teaching post-internet would most likely be different in a decade from now. However, one response indicates that maybe we should incorporate a foundation course for post-internet art education.  This itself is interesting because its saying that we should solidify a foundation to a constantly evolving thing. On one hand, it might help people understand post-internet art, but on the other hand it could be pointless if as older technologies become obsolete. </p>
