This is actually a hard work to interpret as it pretty much seems like your standard document that students would share among each other, much less does it seem like an art piece.  But regardless, in its ingenuity, the document "How democratic is the internet in post-internet art education", is attempting to send the message that through all these new collaborative technologies, we get a sense of how the broader internet has begun to degenerate in its freedom.  There is this constant regulating on behalf of governments and corporations that contradicts the form meaning of internet freedom.  But the question is actually asking if the democratic process has been preserved in art education.  In my opinion, I think it varies by program and instructor since I've been in and out of departments.  There are teachers that will not have you work in any other style than the format they expect to be turned in.  While other teachers will allow their students to work in any style so long as it's readable universally.

Having a look at the responses by team members, I first read the response of Flavia Pedrosa Vasconcelos who obviously believes that there is no democracy, although her reasoning is full of loaded vocabulary which could be simplified.  But essentially she argues that teachers have to catchup with a new way of thinking that has developed in education since the early 2000's (arguably the 90's).  Digital collaboration is more common suit than ever.

The second response I had a look at was that of Timothy Smith who has a little more of a neutral take.  He does not answer the question directly but he brings up an interesting point, that in education we ought to be considering this new wave of art to be foundational such as with traditional mediums.  The reason for this being that a student should get the choice to persue any of their artistic interests without the bureaucracy of having to wait till they have reached a higher level.

The last response that I had a look at was that of Ross Chapman who approaches the question from the standpoint of a music artist.  She brings up an interesting point that while we are in a fully connected world, having access to the internet does not always mean freedom.  Freedom is the process of art such as the creation of music, regardless of the online resources made so readily available. 