  This reading is interesting because it is a collective of crowd sourced paper that answers a question by sharing that question internationally through a shared google doc. What's interesting is that you can tell from this paper that there's a lot of co-authers that contributed to this assignment. The main question is: How democratic is the internet in post-inernet art education. From this you can see people's responses in a collaberative fashion where you can see other people's response.
  For me this is an important question because what does it truly mean to be truly open source and how can this affect a learning environment where everyone can post their own answers and perspective in one small google document. What is also interesting is that people are agreeing to collectively use digital space to digital art. From how this is structured, it seems like the first part is the introduction to this learning digital space, the next segment is the response to the questions and lastly the last part are the citation which is useful and shows how official and professional this source is.
  The first response I read is from Angeles Saura from Deakin University who stated that "the internet is a tool for democracy". She mentions that although there is freedom and knowledge to this democracy, the drawback here is that there is also a lot of trash information. It was asthough we are in a sea of information where some information are more useful than others.
  Another response that got me more interested was Lisa Radford from the University of Melbourne. Her statement was there wasnt democracy because there are a wide range of views from different people to infer different idealogy. Her point is that time is passing by and students usually want the easy way out of their education. She hints at students not being fully engaged and that there's no democracy because everyone wants the easiet way out instead of thinking their own solutions.
  Lastly Ryan Shin from University of Arizona argues that the internet is an unsafe place towards different social groups. The internet has become so different and varied that there's almost no ground to agree with each other and that everyone has a certain biased towards a closed or open group. Another thing he mentioned was second life because in second life, people used that to express their own ideas but it turns out people were more explicit and more advantagous towards others.
  Out of all these varying opinions I agree closest to Ryan Shin because I do agree that the internet is a unsafe place full of dangerous ideas and people. Aside from being a very strong place to grow off of, there is more trash and bad mannered people because it is another space or realm that others can be anonomyous and attack others on. Its another platform where people can express more of themselves because its much safer here than in the real world. It is hard to have a democracy when people are fighting each other or fishing each other in debates. Its also even more difficult to have agreeing opinions because there will be groups of people who are opposed to each other regardless of opinion. This collective of responses is nice because we have different views and I enjoyed reading a couple of responses. They have all have sound arguements and this is my input on the matter. From the internets humble begininnings to now, I feel as though the internet has become a strong marketing ground. It detered from my original expectactions when growing up. Back than I always wondered if I see more or less ads now than before. To me now, the internet is all advertisement, marketing, and ways of gaining income from others. Its rare to see a genuine idea or post without some strings attatched to it. Its a nice place with seemingly nice discussions, but overall I felt more like a customer than a frontire traveller in a new land.



