


	I believe that internet can be democratic, at some point. People can post and endorse many types of online art that existed throughout the internet space; especially VR spaces that can establish better art education. For me, the democratic internet space will let artistic ideologies expand to a point and initiating a dialogue between art and technology, so that people would take the advantage of integrating technology as a medium. In this digital space, art can widen its radius to an extent that everyone have the room of making art as an expression. Fromy my perspective some of the article's argument when arguing about "democracy" really brought down the idea of democracy and how the internet world is dictating through the modern technology. Some of the ideas that I support is when an argument stated that he or she supports democracy on the internet and initiate a dimension for art that makes the room for ideas. Internet can be very democratic, at some aspects, is when people makes art as an expression that how outside world can reach in within their mind and understand what they are saying.  If the internet is not democratic, then there would be no artworks and designs throughout the space and its knowledge would not be widespread; it would loose the connection.  Some of the arguments that I must conform, art education is a "voice" that expresses his or her opinion; and the society would not survive it deprives democracy. The question would be, how technical limitations would impede democracy? The answer itself is not simple; there are so many philosophical ideas in the world that it does not have an answer.  As an art educator, the internet itself must be democratic; depriving it, it would be detrimental to artist who desires to vent their expression on an empty digital canvas.  Digital classrooms and virtual conference will represent democracy; from my opinion, it will bring together ideas and interaction then disrupts the space to post ideas.  Democratic internet leads to postive learning outcomes, I think, in a way that people can post and share ideas like GitHub, would promote more educated realm through digital age. In this digital age, educators utilize internet as an advantage that a toolbox of inspirations that comes within the abstract system. From my point of view, the connections were made in a precisely on how democracy opened up art education then to analyzing on its virtual reality.