The Internet is democratic in the variety of tools available for self-directed art education. A Google search can locate links, tools, programs, instructional videos, etc. to educate beginner to novice technology users that were not widely accessible and available prior to the Internet. 

Though, I agree with Shelley Hannigan in that the Internet is democratic for those that have access to it. Even then, not all contributors are recognized, as clutter and the ability for anyone to post anything births websites that sift through data and works of art, judging certain art worth recognition over others. In one sense, the Internet has fostered an increase in the capacity of contributors, and is democratic in the sense of availability to the masses—of course, though, the term masses refers to those with Internet access; however, as aforementioned, this façade credits and recognizes a small pool of artists/creators on distinguished art websites such as Rhizome and E-Flux. These artists are not chosen by the masses, but rather by an individual or select few, not ‘elected’ by the public or ‘majority,’ who run such websites. 

I think it’s less important to ponder on how democratic the current Internet arena is, and more important to focus on how post-Internet art education can evolve to best serve the masses. Timothy Smith’s digression from the topic provides constructive criticism highlighting the importance of art educators engaging in an exchange or conversation, rather than a top-down approach of instruction. Art and design principles are fundamental in laying the foundation for art and art education; however, if art education does not evolve and take into consideration new terms and principles that have risen from advancements in technology, then how can art and art education inspire innovation and/or change? 
