Although I was a bit confused when first seeing this reading, I thought that in a way the google doc itself was a statement, therefore some form of art.  The question asked is how democractic is the internet in a time where art education is influenced by modern technology?  I had think about it for a while but the answer was pretty much staring me in the face.  The google doc itself is a collaborative technology which pretty much only became a tool of education in the recent decade.  But even still, using tools like these is a no brainer for people of my generation.  I believe that in the sort of confusing time we live with, that technology is a double edged sword.  We still have a choice in how we want to educate ourselves but it's frightening that most people are too apathetic to take action if that choice is threatened.  We tend to take what is normal for granted.  In education, this is a little looser, this depends on the instructors willingness to accept their students work ethics.  

I first read the response from Timothy Smith since this is the first one that seemed to get somewhere right away.  What I noticed in his response is that he resonated with my opinion more than the others.  He made the point that post internet art should be something required like with basic drawing or any other traditional medium that is usually considered foundational in most art programs.

Next, I looked at Shelley Hanigan's response which definitely is a little more illusive than Smith's.  But once you get passed that, she is actually referring to corporate influenes which often distort or create a gimmicky experience online.  She also makes the point that because of the standardizing of online formats, there is no democracy in this as you have no choice in material or presentation anymore.  I do not necessarily agree as in my experience, yes we turn things online but when it comes to more traditional compositions, you stil have to show it to the instructor.

Lastly, I took at the response of Stephen Thompson who has a way more liberalistic take than the past two.  He says that the internet is a tool for growth and any negativity is because of misuse of the internet.  There are dangers but if you are taking advantage of what you could be doing with your art, then those dangers are oughtweighed.  I am inclined to agree with Thompson for the most part.  We have all these doom and gloom ideas of what the internet is doing and has done to us but really we have to choice to stay away from the bad that may be on there.  And we can still be creative with how we approach eduaction as the point of new media art is to exploit technology in ways that it is not meant to be. 

Any limit on our freedom is just a product of the institution which provides us with a more mechanical approach to education.  
