<p>The idea that machines artificially taking place of animals is an interesting topic. After watching this video “see a dog, hear a dog,” I was reminded of the how some toys in the early 2000s were trigger towards kids as a robotic pet. Some of the popular examples were of “Poochie” or “Tekno the robotic puppy.” These were interesting because they were like prototypes for makers to test artificial interactions. Although these artificial pets simulated emotional aspects of a real dog, it was not cable of growing or learning new things. It was limited to the preprogramed functions.  The video, however, made me infer with all the growing technology around us, machines might develop a conscious like humans and might try to voluntarily learn and grow like us. It would be somewhat similar to the depiction that movie “Chappie” portrays. The idea that a machine or AI might be able to learn and grow is fascinating and scary at the same time. One because it shows that how far our technology has come. Secondly, it also a push towards the fictional infamous Terminator characters in movies. </P>
<P>On another note, I was also reminded of a video on Facebook that I saw. There was this video that I saw on my feed once where a google AI taught itself toward like a human. Watching this video, the google AI was never shown how walking is done, but it given a set of parameters it had to follow. Its objective was to get o point A to point B, and it was given three different models characters to choose from. One model was a four-legged character, another with only two legs, and a full body humanoid. As it progressed through the course, it made some mistakes in all three characters, yet it learned from those mistakes and improved its performance later on. The interesting thing is its interpretation of what walking was for the humanoid figure. The way it moves is in an irregular pattern jolting sideways while throwing its arms libs in circles like crazy. Despite the eccentric nature, it was able to reach point B on several occasions. So after seeing this I was under the impression that maybe an artificial intelligence might know something about a walking that us humans do not know. For instance, is there a better way to walk or run then what we by instinct known for generations?</p>
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gn4nRCC9TwQ">Google's Deep Mind AI</a>
