“See a dog, Hear a dog” is something very unique in that not only does it explore the dynamics of artificial sentient life, but it puts that concept hand in hand in how we humanize animals such as dogs which are prominent throughout the film.  As I skimmed the piece, I noticed a lot of references to artificial voice engines and online bots that we find familiar.  With all this jumbled in one thing, it is difficult to say with certainty everything that is going on.  

The commentary however provides some insight into this.  This piece is actually more intended to blur the boundary between how we increasingly treat pets like people with the concept of how we may come to treat artificial life that we are bound to create.  McLean seems to treat this as an inevitability as opposed to a possibility.  Furthermore McLean blends all this strange imagery and sound in such a way that artificial intelligence could be much more familiar as opposed the cold hearted dystopian consciousness we seem to envision when we think of the future of artificial intelligence.

What’s more interesting is that the sort of Skynet cliché is dismissed in contrast with the idea of machinery interpreting what an animal might be thinking.  How often do we question other crazy technological possibilities besides the amount of intelligence a machine should have?  Is it not a freaky notion that we could inadvertently unleash an unprecedented amount of sentience in our fury friends by enabling them to be understood?  Sounds like it could either be an episode of Rick and Morty, or we may just give ourselves the pleasure of confirming our species specific arrogance, that only we are capable of certain ways of thinking.

Moving on, this article does tie in with the class very well with regards to data and how it used.  There is a lot of chat bot usage throughout the piece, and it made me wonder why people are even afraid of something as simple as this?  In reality, there is just a big database which is being queried by a server side language and while it can be modified in the process of being used, it is still in fact predefined answers which are loaded as accurately as possible in response to our questions.  But as simple as that is, it would be interesting to try to emulate intelligence for a future project and see if it can be made to seem intelligent enough on the surface where people would get creeped out.