  “See a dog, hear a dog” by Jesse McLean is an interesting video project that explores how different objects interact with the world, and with each other. In this case, it was humans with technology, human with non-human creatures(dogs), and non-human creatures with technology. The video was rather confusing and frustrating at parts, where sometimes there will be people making confused faces toward to screen, or that the dog will look straight toward the camera for an interaction. Sometimes, there will be conversation between the user and the supposed “AI”, and it was rather frustrating how the AI would answer with questions. 
<br>

However, that is just because human wants machinery to response with human output and emotion, even as it was impossible for the machine to gain such insight to create artificial emotion. They can copy all they want, but it would just be false emotion. It is same with dogs and other non-human creatures. They have the ability to imitate human interactions, but they each have their own speech and communication pattern that humans cannot understand. 
<br>
<br>
Within the text, Jesse McLean describe how things not within human control would make human uncomfortable. If humans were not above dogs, or if AI end up gaining more power than us, humans would have the paranoia of them overtaking humans. In a case, almost impossible for them to really do. Humans fear those that are different and more powerful than them. In the next conversation, they even went to the Facebook AI discussion, where he AI created its own language that the people could not understand, so because of fear, these people shut it down. 
<br><br>
Arnaud Gerspacher describe that humans are like an entry way, and that the digital devices are the barrier to interacting with the world. Things must go through human first, to see if the creation is for human and created by human, then it could go through; because human is so center around themselves, they cannot take anything that is not them, within their own community. Even with that, humans want others to understand them, to understand them in their own way. Its why humans use communication like “sit” or “stand” to dogs, instead of going to their level and attempt communication with them. There is sense of want from the human, but ego tells them that could only attempt to fulfill the want within their own limits. 
<br><br>
I didn’t really understand the video when I was watching, rather, I was uncomfortable by the questioning and stares the computer, dog, and the people were giving me. I did not understand the video and was sort of bored by it. Reading the artists conversation and description however, I learned of the meanings that the author wanted to describe, and realize that all the emotions and reactions I gave was exactly as he wanted his viewers to feel. By an artist standards, I think this is a good art piece in that it gave the viewers exactly what they should be facing, but because it wasn’t too remarkable in explain what the art piece directly mean, viewers will feel confused unless they read the description, which is unlikely. However, the piece was done very well. 
