In Jesse McLean’s short film, “See a Dog, Hear a Dog,” there are explorations of existentialism, interface, and the differences between humans, dogs, and computer AI. I found the film to be rather uncomfortable and a bit difficult to understand, but after having read the interview with Arnaud Gerspacher, it’s apparent to me that that was the intended purpose of the artist.  I felt like the piece was difficult to understand while watching it due to the fact that most of the paired visual and audio was so off from what we (or I, rather) would have normally expected.  For example, there were a few instances where humans were just making faces at the viewer similar to what a dog might do.  There’s a lack of proper communication that is prevalent throughout most of the short film.  A lot of understanding is lost, albeit purposefully, to create a sense of miscommunication and awkwardness that makes it extremely uncomfortable at times.  The lack of communication on the same level that we generally experience in our everyday lives that we’ve come to expect from certain life forms creates a rift between the film and the viewer.

The lack of communication also raises a number of questions. In a lot of ways, the barriers between different entities are very much similar.  More often than not, it’s impossible for us to communicate with other beings the way we would like to.  Obviously, it would be great if we could talk to our dogs or talk to our computers to fix rudimentary problems, but the reality is that we can’t.  There’s a barrier that disallows this level of communication to be executed ideally.  Whether it’s the fact that we just don’t understand the technology we’re using or whether it’s a more simple problem like the fact that we just can’t talk to dogs, the barriers prevent us from truly understanding one another as well as nonhuman forms on a more complex scale.  It’s an extremely interesting idea to explore such a topic. I honestly wouldn’t have ever really put much thought into the fact that I can’t talk to a dog or the fact that I really don’t even know what’s going on when an “error” message pops up on my laptop monitor.  Do nonhuman entities have thoughts and ideas? They might, but we might never really know until these barriers are broken and we can communicate the way we want to. Another problem that was brought up was the ordeal with the Facebook AI that ended up developing its own AI before it was shut down. It is a scary notion to humans that there might be other sentient things in the world or in the universe. Humans have always been the smartest entity so it is scary when something like a machine or an AI develops something on its own that humans don't understand - especially because these machines and AI are manmade. Humans tend to be afraid of extremely intelligent AI but it's strange because we work so hard to make these AIs smarter or better.
