Towards the beginning of the video I kind of had no idea what was going on. What was this video about? What are they aiming to tell me? What is really going on? All are questions I had in my head while watching the beginning of the video. All I had seen were videos of dogs, and some sort of computer interactions; this wasn’t enough content for me to gauge what was really happening. I could have taken a few guesses but that wouldn’t have really helped me. 
Towards the end, I still felt the same way. I couldn’t figure out what was really going on. Though by the time I finished it, I was able to guess in some way or form that it was about interaction. 

It wasn’t until I read the description and parts of the interview then I really understood where the video was going. I think without this context I would have never been able to really grasp the video. I think the video alone is unsuccessful with this fault. Unless it is always displayed with a description I don’t think everyone would be able to fully grasp what the project is about. 

The video later displays videos of robotic people and animals. With the way the video progressed I think the author was moving towards the notion of interactions with these artificial beings that we are creating. Can we interact with them the same way we do as other people and beings? Will we be able to see past their robotic-ness and see them the way we see real life beings? What if technology gets to a point where they are able to actually think and create? It is interesting to think where people are driving technology towards. We are currently moving towards creating AI, and robot animals/beings. Virtual reality spaces and augmented reality spaces are becoming more advance as times progresses. The by products of that in the future could be immense. Humans might be able to create robotic sentient beings. Though the question would still be, how would humans interact with them? Would we still be able to perceive them as just robots? If we see a dog is it really a dog?

That aside, I really enjoyed the video from an aesthetic point of view. I feel that it was well produced and thought out well after reading the interview. Everything makes sense and everything is there for a reason: the inclusion of a smudgy computer screen, the found videos of dogs (instead of high quality video), the inclusion of text, and the inclusion of two people who just show facial expressions. I like the animations produced in the video as well. Whether they were pre-canned or produced in a software like Processing is as much of aninteresting topic to me as the production of this video. Overall, I really enjoyed this thought provoking video.
