My first reaction to the first five minutes of this short film is that this video was odd, but had a certain audio and visual aesthetic that holds my attention. It wasn't like a documentation, or anything informative, it plays with the audiences two senses when analyzing this video: sound and vision. To go in depth, this video plays with the audience by seperating what we see and what we hear. The first bit with the man staring back to the viewer mute then showing a black screen with audio that believe to be his brings a interesting narrative where our attention is split. The next sequence we see a bunch of particle effects reacting to sound. This is interesting because it brings us deeper into the narrative where we the viewer are not in control of what we are watching nor what we are hearing.

I beleive the artist chose the dog as a main subject because although they may hear one thing, they might be seeing something completely different. It also brings us in perspective where are we actually sending it input by input and sound are is the dog inputing the information differently. Aside form being comical, using a dog as a metaphor or a subject matter is interesting because if we were to focus on the dog, it is taken more lightly since we don't expect it to be human like or machine like thus it will create an interesting narrative.


The non dog segments had the strongest affect on me in the video because it had a kind of like asmr effect and as well as a low activity in the background. The slightest sounds trigger responses in different matter. For example there was a bit where these characters seem like they're having a conversation but the only audio is passed is that of a machine. I believe this goes into an another narrative where when we watch a video, we dont watch who they are but the video itself and the interface it offers itself to us.

The main message I got from this short film was: what is sound and what is seeing in terms of a digital interface because anything can be manipulated. Is what we are seeing true or has it been altered to fit our own perspectives. Questions like these have me more curious than confused and I like how this film combines audio and images. Although one and one may not combine as the original image, it creates something new, a different experience for the viewer. As the video goes on, I'm further entranced by the audio and visuals because they are both clear, but having two different senses that use different mediums to represent one thing makes me wonder about the questions above.

Overall the reading and the short film was insightful into how everything digital is not always what it seems to be. The first part of the film showed us the split differences in quality of senses we rely on. Truly we are vulnerable to our own create if we were able to not recognize what is reality and what isn't. Sometimes as people we do tend to forget that the digital space is digital and not something that is natural or organic. 
