

 For this reading, the author made a strong point about virtual connection. Which calls upon my connection artificial intelligence and machine learning. From my point, I had some connections about the author's point interface; that is, the only connection towards machine learning. From machine learning, people's memory interfacing can be built on Twitter Bot and artificial intelligence to seize the later years in digital revolution.  Can the artist make a strong point on digital revolution in modern society? I think so, by looking on his work, I can justify that technology and humans can be very distant towards each other. And, technology can be a robust tool, it evolved so much that it can morph into non-human and human beings that can share a mutual relationship towards each other. From this reading, I can draw a stark connection about Silicon Valley towards the future; that is, the future for Silicon Valley would evolve into a machine-learning automation where everyone just interact with non-humans that pretends to be a human. Slowly, the technological revolution on humans would revolutionize on deep and machine learning into a new society where all humans are extinct.  For me, the artist should enhance the concept on the perspective about relations on how humans and technology interact; however, his video piece was strong enough to present a meaningful work on the implicit relationship on humans and machines. One of his statement during the final moment on his interview, Jese stated that "I think nonhuman animals, and pretty much all lifeforms on the planet that are not human, have been in the longest, most worthwhile demonstration of resistance since we showed up" (Jesse McClean, vdrome.org). Jesse quoted that in the future, technology will take over the society. So then, people would most likely to interact only to technology, not physically human beings.  His quote shared a mutual thoughts to what I am thinking of as well, that is, the future will most likely for people become machines and owning articial intelligence. Programming languages will replace human languages, just like my connection for the future for the Silicon Valley when more modern technology expands and inflates. I belive that the artist was speaking directly to my thoughts and conncections as well. At some point, I have to leave from his opinion; which he talked about how pet-translators functioned as social medias. That loops my brain for awhile, I felt that it is slightly deviated from learning machines. In the meantime, it is briefly applicable to deep learning in computer systems. From my belief, the artist made depicted a strong point and forecasted what will be happening in the future when algorithm takes over humans.