I think that the video is successful after having read the interview between Arnaud Gerspacher and Jesse McLean, where McLean explains the premise of the video and how dog, AI, and human interface connect. There are various themes McLean touches upon in this collaged video, including the dual-role interface acting as an entry point and barrier, the question of real intelligence (as defined by humans) behind AI, and human desires, needs, and fears for AI as seen through computer history. Though, I think the video falls short without the interview because it seems to be directed at a specific group of people with knowledge of computer history. Since the beginning is full of jump cuts of man, dog, and machine and without prior knowledge of computer history, I was confused at the point the artist was trying to make and though I could see three different topics that the artist was trying to say something about, I couldn’t make the connection without the text. The footage of the man and woman not saying anything but speaking through facial expression was a bit frustrating to watch for me, because I had watched the video first then read the text, and didn’t understand the message being implied. I kept thinking throughout the video, what is the artist trying to say? Since I am an aesthetically pleasing visual person, I did like the data visualizations shown when the AI was speaking, which in some way speaks to the theme of the video as far as interface being an essential component in how we evaluate something. 

Yesterday in my advertising class, the teacher was speaking about how he had seen a Motorola watch 40 years ago perform similar functions that the Apple watch does today. Though, since the public wasn’t ready for that kind of technology yet at that time, the product didn’t sell. And here we are 40 years later wanting and craving the Apple watch. I think in the interview McLean makes a point that the next generation that has been raised on AI machines will be more open to the idea of AI having “real” intelligence. The artist also mentioned how the Facebook AI experiments were shutdown because the bots started speaking their own language. Fear is a powerful thing. It can restrict us from reaching our full capacity as a human race. It is possible that AI machines can turn into terminators, or turn off the power and wipe out our interconnectivity and communication. And well, that raises a bigger issue in my opinion, of how dependent we all are on technology. How would we survive without it? 
