
It is interesting comparing the Ai with a pet dog. In the vedio, the dog is trained to follow the orders from human, and act back in a way we wanted. Those interactions are similar as our expections on an Ai. Humans always want an Ai/Dog become smarter and smarter so that they can understand us better. But in my opinion, being smart or intelligent enouh may not helpful in this case. Just like the man and the woman showed their faces in the vedio. However, we still cannot understand what are in their minds without an effective communication. So is smart or intelligence is necessary in the Ai technology? I'm not pretty sure. Maybe we just need a way to better express ourselves or get information from others, including the pet, Ai or other human beings.

Here is another interesting topic I had in mind when I was watching the vedio: A dog's intelligence level is predictable, there always is an upper limit there. But what about the Ai system? What's the terminal station of the AI technology? If the intelligence is a neccasary condition to make Ai know humman just like we do? Perhaps make them as intelligent as a human? Or even make them more intelligent than human? So that they can understand us thus they can server well for human being? It's hard to image for me. Because humanity is always complex. Being lazy, greedy, scared are our instincts... are parts of our natural. What if Ai the really understand all those? Do they need to be like this so they can fully understand the humanity? I don't really know.

On the other hand, as the development of the intelligence, self-awareness will appear when they get a certain level of intelligence. How will we treat those superior Ai/Robot that have self-awareness? Are they still tools? Maybe one day they will end this slavery, to ask for equal right, or even start to enslave human beings (In the case tehy are much more intelligent than human)? Do we really get ready for all this? I don't know. Because I have never seen a case that superior species server weaker ones, as a tool.
