<p>I think the idea of what was consider post internet art is an interesting one. As artist begin using the internet in relation to their art, the artist only used the term post-internet to define or give their work a type of vocabulary term. If I compare the differences between now and then, post-internet art from the early days relies more on the functionality of the typical 90s computer as its vessel. However, in comparison to today’s technological advances, people are incorporating more of mobile devices interaction in relation to internet art.  This idea fascinates me because, as we get more capable mobile devices, we can used them to interact with internet art pieces. For example, webvr is becoming more common amoung social media. Within the past few years, I have seen a few social media posts the advertise movie trailers, or something else while using an interactive VR experience. Although it is not intended to be immediacy, we can and are viewing experiences differently then we are normally use to. For me this says a lot, because ten years ago VR was something of fantasy to the normal person somewhat like the show “The Real Adventures of Johnny Quest.” </p>



<br>
<p>I bring this cartoon up because in the cartoon, they used a virtual reality lens that sent the characters to fake world where they can do imaginative things while sat in a chair. The way the cartoon portrayed this VR example, however, was more like a something of high tech quality, but in comparison, it is the opposite in our society, being common for the average person have accessible. In the past, the technology was not commercialized as a norm. There was no smart phones or iPhones back then fifteen years ago. Now everyone and their grandmother has a smartphone or iPhone in their pocket. This make me wonder where could we possibly take this idea of improve the technological experiences. New technology is emerging, there still needs to be individuals to pioneer some of this technology. I believe at least one point  in this life time, there will be a point where there is no internet for these type of projects. </p>
