This article is interesting in that there are so many ways to describe what we do as artists that submit art for the web and make use of these new technologies.  But this term postinternet used so flexibly like the word postmodern poses a lot of questions about what it means collectively.  But to compare internet art to architecture is something I have not heard of before.  The author brings up an interesting point that all these internet entities are very visible in our actual lives such as yelp stickers and such.  In some sense these objects are creating some underlying network of people and in some sense a small town or even a large city.  Digging through all the jargon leaves with the ability to take away, that our involvement with any such entity makes us a part of these inevitable and growing cyber cities. 
Among other things, I did find the reference to Kanye to be pretty funny as that seemed to be more of a bombastic attempt for attention rather than something to be taken seriously like in an article like this but nonetheless it is relevant.  I however did not like that the author has more of a purely dystopian take on our reliance on technology.  While I am the first to advocate people misusing tech like having their noses stuffed in their phones to point where they pay no heed to their surroundings, I do not believe that we should not be trying to solve this design issue where we are stuck to the screen.  The internet is powerful and we can do so much with it if we allow our minds to be nurture by it.
