Admittedly, the sentence mentioning Kanye jumped out at me. Being a huge fan I began to imagine the magnitude of the term “post internet” and how the author Marisa Olsen feels to be at the epicenter of the controversy she probably started. I think the term is more than accurate. I’ve listen to a podcast for a long time called Reply All which is a show about stories caused by the internet narrated by 2 guys, PJ Vogt and Alex Goldman. They often talk about how to internet was a catalyst for sometimes mundane things. Like for example one episode was about IP addresses and how Find My iPhone would send tons of unrelated people to the same address to find their phone due to the way IP addresses are indexed. They even sometimes talk about positive stories such as someone making a living on the web and so on. This podcast in a lot of way illustrates what Olsen is when she coined the term post internet. We are all children of the culture and trend setters before us. Whether we take influence from it or not, the people making new art shape the world and culture around us, at least in the US. Kanye makes music in deep synths and samples of old records millennials have never heard before, and thus reshaping the sound of hip hop for generations to come. He broke records with streaming services for music, Kanye makes music, post internet music. Another one of my favorite rappers, Donald Glover, AKA Childish Gambino has a an album called, Because the Internet which is Glover expressing the parallels of the internet and the reflected line of our internet society. Glover makes post internet music, post internet art. Olsen’s attempt to take a type of responsibility for pointing out the phenomenon brought up some great points, one of which is that it is inescapable. And it is a multifaceted force of culture that hopefully as Olsen hopes, we have more influence on it, then it on us. I think Kanye West would say artist have that responsibility.
