Reading 4


	The way I interpreted the reading was that the author coined this term “post-internet art” that got away from him. He compares his early work to that of Lev Manovich and  Nam June Paik Cybernated art. I understand why the author wanted to start there, those artist used technology in unconventional  ways.  For example Naim June Park having a video recording a Budha watching TV.  The Cybernated Artist where living in a post modern, suburban, world with vacuums and TVs being in every home. As a result taking technology that common people have in their homes and turning that into art was new an innovated. Which transitions into a “post-internet art”, or at least that’s what I assume the author was trying to conclude to.

	The internet connected the world and first put a computer into every home and now a phone in every pocket. The internet has became a place where we shop, connect, fall in love and entertain ourselves. It is something that everyone relies on and uses on a daily basis. Since the internet has become a dominating force of entertainment, Youtube, Netflix, pirated movies, etc, using the internet for art would seem strange. The author writes about work that exists online and offline, because the internet has created new way people interact, shined light on geek and nerd culture, and giving a platform for any to stand on. With all the internet does how does one use the internet as art?

	Since we are in a post internet world, there are adults that do not remember a time before the internet, the internet was always a thing, but what effect has that had on our culture? New terms like “trolls” ,”FOMO”, “memes” have been born from the internet.  The world had been more connected and increasingly isolated. As an artist the focus should be on the effects on the cracks to shine a light on what people are ignoring, using platforms in innovated ways. 

	With the internet anything you want to learn are a few Google searches and mouse clicks away. There is a constant race to be the first to make the same joke everyone else is thinking of. The goal in this post internet world is to make something last in a space where the attention span last less than a hummingbirds heart beat.
