I thought this reading was interesting because I have noticed that technology and social media has been so intergrated with our lives that we can almost not log out of it. From checking our phones constantly to have apps connect to certain locations, to even having places being graded online. We as humans have become very dependant on such foundations that we've created in this framework of being digital even if we're online/offline.

An interesting example I saw in the reading was that they've mentioned surveillance and software logo where companies would label themselves on different resteraunts trying to compete one another in order to have users use their app. As time goes on, I see more stickers, more deals, more advertisements on this, constantly remind us to go online or go on their app and be hip and digital with them. 

Another thing I got out of the reading is the context of New Media Art vs the now. In the context of technological evolution, as time progresses, time will grow, but the niche of New Media Art is starting to twindle. In comparison of new and rising technology, the term New Media Art is losing its "New" Value to it. In the reading I considered this information interesting because I haven't considered a term to be outdated but looking back on the context of how technology vs New Media Art, New Media Art only interest a certain niche like the reading as mentioned.

The topic of Cybernetic Totalism is a very interesting topic because I have also noticed how "Technology solves everything" has became a slogan than a reality. We have so many apps, technologies, gears, and gadgets to do the most simplest thing or even things we do not even want or need. I believe that the reason for so many of these useless interfaces and technology is because we also live in an age of consumerism and profit. The only reason why technology and "new" is trending right now is because everyone wants to invest in because they believe they will gain profit from it. From what I have noticed, a lot of the digital/app frontiers are either a hit or miss, but overall they all exist because there's always a person who wants to benefit from the "new". Back on the topic of Cybernetic Totalism, we live in an age were most of the things we do today is and starting to get machine operated. We are in the process of having machines take care of simple tasks for us. Artifical Intelligent is getting smarter to the point where they would do most of the work for us. It is interesting because if all the problems are being solved by using machines, what is left for us Humans to solve?

Lastly the main message I believe the reading is trying to convey is that we also live in an age where people who aren't designers, who aren't architects, and who aren't artists who would want to create things. I believe this is refering to machines and new technology because everything is starting to get automized. By this I mean that as time continue, we as artists and creators will slowly lose our freedom to create things because AI will replace our flaws, our designs, and our creativity with something "better". In the end, the reading was interseting and I believe it is something to take in consideration considering how life and technology is progressing currently. Should we be catious of new technology our should we be catious of how it's being used and orchastrated. 
