

For this article, the author points out that living in the post-internet world is similar to living in the augmented reality world.  It differs by its augmented reality; with this perspective, post-internet world comes into play. The author pointed some genuine ideas about post-inernet societies that influenced augmented realities as well as some of its components.  It also reflects onto some of the net art like jodi archive, and internet's Dada movement culture. From this perspective, this concept traces to immediacy, because many content in net art draws viewers attention towards the main concepts. In this case, the internet society have brought to a culture of virtual gallery. Virtual gallery space can be a transformation in art work with technological devices and internet, I believe. That is when the movement of digital art when people are urging to bring powerful digital tools.  I would argue that, digital simulations can also be part of post internet art since this includes avatars and the development in postmodernism in digital art. From my point, glitch art is another part of post-internet that brings to the image of what the author mentioned in some of his passage. This questions to the process of "remediation", and the concept of immediacy; where immediacy brings to a play. It transports viewers to a virtual perspective to observe the artwork in a digital way, such that they can intepret digitally as well as find the artist's intention for the piece. Take an example of glitch art, that "disrupts" the flow which agrees to the author's point. Glitch art, by fact, brings the discourse towards author's point of view to apply the concept of internet art. For me, I would go with glitch art as post-internet artwork, it manipulates and distort digital accuracy to create an illusion that brings up a new kind of art. Just like in Electronic Superhighway, Paik used glitch art to tell a story about culture, freedom, and digital revolution in the society. I would apply this example to post-internet since glitch art is applied in this case; and telling more about how post-internet art and glitch art have a mutual relationship. In modern times, internet is a virtual space or environment so virtual galleries exist and also a place for virtual dwelling. Personal avatar and space to socialize and live life as if it were normal; and to depend on internet like "Google" and other modern technological devices to take place over physical bodies.

