It took a few reads of the article to sift through what felt like a rant of jumbled themes and ideas, but what I took from it was that the fear of machines and the perceived ability of them to control the human race is what’s holding us back from developing/improving technology—the imminent death of the human race by robot. This fear, as described by Olson, is perceived to be the sweeping generalization, yet she challenges this by stating that “various writers have cast it as utopian versus dystopian.” I think she contemplates on and attempts to begin a positive examination of the Internet, net art, and virtual reality in mentioning José Esteban Muñoz, in which we should continuously strive for a better world/alternate reality. Yet she detracts and resorts to a negative view of the future of technology with Black Mirror and Tron and physical isolation. I think her article would’ve been better received if she had examined the negative aspects and associations with technology and then the positive ones, or vice versa, instead of going back and forth and confusing the reader.

Still, she does bring up topics for thought. Personally, I am under the impression that people are highly engaged with their technological devices, especially phones—even so far as to adversely affect in-person conversation. Taking a walk or eating at a restaurant, you can’t help but notice the necessity for people to check, text, search, upload, or snap on their devices, further prospering the continuous cycle of connectivity. I am somewhat cynical of the relationship between humanity and technology, and feel that certain aspects of Black Mirror are true about society today—but not to that extent and I do not feel that we are headed towards that extreme, but it does serve as a mirror for us to be aware of our actions. As far as the increased production of net art, I do not feel that I am an authority on the matter, deciding whether which piece of net art is good or bad, but I do think that what’s more important is if I can connect with the art and take something away or learn something from it. With an increase of technology available to the masses, clutter is inevitable. This is evident in the shift from libraries to search engines, where an abundant amount of information is available, but not all of it is useful. Sifting through is part of the process. Additionally, each individual’s motives behind his or her art won’t serve a purpose for or connect with everyone.

Olson also contemplates on technology’s ability for good, and if it’s going to be smart enough to trick us into going outside now and then. It has happened through augmented reality with Pokémon Go, stimulating physical travel in the real world. I believe in a way, she’s challenging us, artists and engineers, to make that happen. I mean, we are the ones controlling the machines, right?      
