Post-Internet art is something that I never really understand as an artist and a person. In the case of the reading, I got some aspect of post internet are art pieces that created to emphases something on the web, as it could be physical enactment or digital collage. Within the reading, he expresses on certain people that did "post-internet" art and those that express that they are a part of the movement. Truthfully, i reread his article a few times, but I never fully grasp what the article fully means. I know parts where he explained how he made his art, that post internet art for him is just art he made online and offline, that is related to the internet of current century. 
<br><br>
I guess the idea of internet to current generation is something that is absolutely there, a privilege that is also a necessity, something tangible but is the extension of our lives. It consumes us, but also cause us to work much more efficient, it leads us to better discovery, but also brings us down to the extreme stupidity of human nature. There are so much of internet that is explored, but is also ignored, that it is the perfect medium to do art pieces in. 
<br><br>
There is the image of certainty in traditional art. You follow the recipe of creation, take in a concept, create abstract way of concept in physical or digital form, and then present it. For many artist's post-internet art however, it was to take something existing in a digital tangible space, and recreate it in another way that describe the original piece. Semi like appropriation, but in the way, that relates to the main theme of what the artist is trying to express the original piece. Maybe they are trying to express the absurdity of fake images, the rareness of positive comments online, each person on the world could do an art piece that relates to a certain apart of the internet, and even then, there will be new things to do. Its expressing how wide and far our technology had evolved, and how much human generation is so depended on the digital aspect of our lives that every little thing matters. 
<br><br>
However, maybe I am just wrong, maybe I don’t really know what Post-internet art is. Such a huge concept is like explaining what is art to a non-artist, could it be art? Maybe, Maybe not. Could it be Post-internet art? Is it related to the internet? Is that art? Its these subjective concepts that really make people question the absurdity of post-internet art. People insist that emojis and having a large doge meme in real life museum isn’t art, but people will love it still the same and share it as if they were the ones that contribute to the piece.  That’s internet culture isn’t it, it’s our culture, our generation, and it’s our life. We ourselves is post-internet art, we are the result of post-internet. 

