The postinternet era has already come, in a silent pace, merges into our daily life as we never log-off. The smart devices helps our life become better. 

Take myself as an example, my everyday activities are all based on internet. 08:30 I woken up by my schedule alarm, reminds me I need to go to school; I drive to school by following the Google map directions, avoiding busy traffics to get to school on time; In the Digital Media Art classes I definitely need my computer or phone to check the assignment, readings, and do all my works based on the computer; After school I study online or play a couple of online games with friends or Skype with my families; On the weekend I go to the gym, the devices can help me record my body condition to keep myself healthy. To be honest, I really consider the world “offline” is kind of outdated. In my opinion, in deed, when we unconsciously ignore the boundary between “online” and “offline”, when the definition of the “offline” completely fade away, then we can define we are in the postinternet era. Just like whenever we literally stop emphasizing the words race, gender, treat them as a normal phenomenon, then the real equality comes. 

One thing that I want to address from the author is the thesis of the FOMO and JOMO (the Fear of Missing Out versus the Joy of Missing Out). The author was concerning about the smart devices we’re going to be living with will isolate us from human’s “social network” and the relationship between windows in rooms and computer screen windows. Just like the author, I’m not an architect, not a city planner, not even an engineer or psychic with a great sense of what the future holds either. But I really don’t think being isolated or using a fake window are bad things. Being isolated form the real “social work” is just an option, just a new style of life, if people really enjoy this style of life, I can’t see why we have to criticize that; and if the fake window simulate the natural really enough (like can offer fresh air and light or wind and scenery), why not? I can change scenery I like everyday and I might have a travel through out this digital window. I don’t see any negative aspect there.

Everything in the future, I would say, the benefits they bring are much more than the side-effects (compare with the advantages in general, I would say the disadvantages can be only described as side effects) such as the cervical spondylosis caused by overstay in front of the computers. And this even cannot be counted “caused by the computer” because you might have it since you play the poke too much) In general, I’m welcome to the technologies and science. Those are facts how we make our human beings stronger and stronger.
