<P>http://artofant.me/project1/index.html<p/>
<p>For this project, I made an intereactive webpage that show the representation of the corrupted work places. The idea came when I had a conversation with a person about their work. From the conversation, I was able to perceive the difference of someone in a work environment in which they cannot take risks versus some who has the luxury of leaving a corrupted work enviroment for better opportunties. My webpage represents their situation as black and white. Whereas for me everything is a bunch of greys where I have choices and opinions. For individuals in their scenario, the white and black means they can either make enemies by doing ill-advised things, and these unwise risks they take can jeopardize their job. For the individuals that are in the grey areas not in that situation, everyone else has a choice.  The restricted have to be cautious in their environment, while individuals such as I can have the option or choice to do things and/or takes risks.</P>

<p>In contrast, the mouse cursor is able to move on the webpage with fade effect. This is to illustrate time, and cursor is suppose to represent a person with opportunities. While the are is a square of repeating black and white dots; the square is suppose to illustrated the workers in a corrupted work environment. When certain keys are pressed such as the letter "h" the webpage displays an variouse images that display glitch art images of words or cartoons the depict corruption and hazzardous work enviroments. The idea is a person of this generation has the abilities to leave toxic enviroments. However, if the cursor goes over the black white repeating dots, the the trail of he cursor is covered up meaning that there is nothing that person can do for those individuales. If the mouse buttom is clicked the the screen is refreshed with a new color that indicates a new start for someone that has opportunity. Almost like there are two individuals. One is permanently refrained growing and from taking risks by certain limitations, and the other has opportunity to grow past the other and have the privilege of choice. However, the individual with the power of choice looks back at the other individual wondering why they refrained from taking risks and making choices, and ultimately, they get internally frustrated by the other’s limitations. </P>
