The idea of having a fake news website, came to existence by thinking about how some media outlets have different approaches in presenting certain news according to their bias. Those media filter and manipulate the original news for their own reasons mainly rooted in censorship. Conservative governments or individuals who benefit, are responsible for much of this fake news being spread all over the news and social media. As a result, the public is exposed to a mixture of shady news with no evidence for their authenticity. This confusion inspired us to create a fake news website. 

For our fake news webpage, we started to create a fake version of a familiar news agency. The logo and layout are also inspired by the BBC news. In this fake news agency, the news covers three main hot regions of the world: The Far east, the west, and the middle east. What we did was mess around with articles and headlines of current affairs in those regions (china, us middle east).

Initially, we began to search for the fake news to find the best way to twist the news. Based on the idea of manipulating original newscast, we decided to take some excised news and look at them from a biased subjective point of view then the distortion would happen.
After doing some research we came across with the “Snopes” website as a platform for validating real and fake news. In that website, you can easily search for the key word to find related news. Then it evaluates the originality of the news. What we did was use the most controversial news related to our three regions and choose articles that were totally recognized by Snopes as fake and mesh them alongside each other onto our news website.
	

